Developed this thing as a fun project; worked on it during my free time.

Prereqs:
-> working thumbs & index fingers on both hands, two other fingers to hold a controller
-> an xbox controller (I've not yet configured this for a PS controller)
-> firefox browser (chromium uses a dogshit keymapping that I'm not willing to support as of now)
-> an open mind & artistic thirst. yes this is a thirst trap.
--> optional: previous gaming experience with a controller; will help with dexterity

Why develop this?
I prefer implementing novel systems for fun, so instead of writing paint from scratch,
I developed paint for a different kind device.
I've been told this system is great for "special needs children",,,
Dude I'm the special needs adult, gimme a break. \lighthearted tone
Yes, this is a special needs tool developed by someone who has special needs and
can develop special needs tools.

Read instructions to learn how to use, but honestly just start messing around with it.
If you already know how analog controllers work, you don't need much guidance; the key mapping
is pretty intuitive. Movement with the left joystick is similar to movement in video games;
movement in the color space with the right joystick is similar to camera movement in 1st/3rd
person games. The dpad is the only group of buttons that has mode-based behavior, so look that up.
The rest, please figure it out yourself.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Instructions: Attach an Xbox controller & have fun

Key mapping:

Left stick (LSX,LSY) : Moves the cursor
Right stick (RSX,RSY): Changes color (in hue & saturation color space)
Right trigger (RT): Brush (size varies acc. to how much you press the trigger)
Left trigger (LT): Changes brightness
Right shoulder (RB): Locks (& unlocks) a set brush size
Left shoulder (LB): Locks (& unlocks) a set brightness
LS button (LSB): Locks (& unlocks) a set saturation
RS button (RSB): cycles max brush sizes
A button : Toggle between color palette mode and layer mode
B button : Undo / Redo
X button : change blendmode to among
		1. source-over (default) : (overwrites canvas with each brush stroke)
		2. lighten : keeps the lightest color value while overwriting
		3. soft-light: dark values in the source get darker and light values get lighter
Y button : Sets background color to currently chosen HSV color

Dpad Modes:
    In Color Palette Mode (cursor shows current brush type & color palette):
    Up button : choose (up to 4) colors on the wheel to create a custom gradient
    1 color mode allows you to play with the chroma of only that one color
    2 color mode allows to explore a cyclic RGB gradient of those two colors
    same as above for 3 & 4 colors
    button tops out at 4. Press Dleft to move to selected gradient space
    Right button : End color selection. Press again to go back to default gradient space
    Down button : Overlay current gradient on cursor (press & hold)
    Left button : Cycle between brush types (currently circle & ellipse)

    In Layer Mode (cursor shows current layer):
    Up button : Go up one layer
    Down button : Go down one layer
    Right button : Toggle transparency/opacity of layer
    Left button : currently unmapped
Start button : Save current sketch (downloads it as a png)
Menu button : Cannot be assigned (due to interference with windows game mode)
Select button : Clear canvas (have to press it 4 times)
